README.md, before:

[![Travis build information for branch master](https://api.travis-ci.org/gobert/jeff-money.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gobert/jeff-money)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/gobert/jeff-money.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/gobert/jeff-money)
[![Security warnings](https://hakiri.io/github/gobert/jeff-money/master.svg)](https://hakiri.io/projects/081d4a8c843d0c)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7d845af6498d081c3256/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gobert/jeff-money/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7d845af6498d081c3256/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gobert/jeff-money/test_coverage)

# Jeff currency

Gem that convert currency to each other.

# Usage
First you need to prepare the gem:
```ruby
Money = JeffMoney::Money
Money.conversion_rates('EUR', {
  'USD'     => 1.11,
  'Bitcoin' => 0.0047
})
```

Instantiate new objects:
```ruby
fifty_eur = Money.new(50, 'EUR')
```

Get amount and currency:
```ruby
fifty_eur.amount   # => 50
fifty_eur.currency # => "EUR"
fifty_eur.inspect  # => "50.00 EUR"
```

Convert to a different currency
```ruby
fifty_eur.convert_to('USD') # => 55.50 USD
```

Comparisons (also in different currencies):
```ruby
twenty_dollars == Money.new(20, 'USD') # => true
twenty_dollars == Money.new(30, 'USD') # => false

fifty_eur_in_usd = fifty_eur.convert_to('USD')
fifty_eur_in_usd == fifty_eur          # => true

twenty_dollars > Money.new(5, 'USD')   # => true
twenty_dollars < fifty_eur             # => true
```

 Arithmetics:
 ```ruby
fifty_eur + twenty_dollars # => 68.02 EUR
fifty_eur - twenty_dollars # => 31.98 EUR
fifty_eur / 2              # => 25 EUR
twenty_dollars * 3         # => 60 USD
```
# Contribute
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Add installation instruction in README

README.md, after:

[![Travis build information for branch master](https://api.travis-ci.org/gobert/jeff-money.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gobert/jeff-money)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/gobert/jeff-money.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/gobert/jeff-money)
[![Security warnings](https://hakiri.io/github/gobert/jeff-money/master.svg)](https://hakiri.io/projects/081d4a8c843d0c)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7d845af6498d081c3256/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gobert/jeff-money/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7d845af6498d081c3256/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gobert/jeff-money/test_coverage)

# Jeff currency

Gem that convert currency to each other.

# Installation
Add this line to our Gemfile
```
gem 'jeff-money', git: 'https://github.com/gobert/jeff-money'
```
and then install it using bundle: ```bundle install```

# Usage
First you need to prepare the gem:
```ruby
Money = JeffMoney::Money
Money.conversion_rates('EUR', {
  'USD'     => 1.11,
  'Bitcoin' => 0.0047
})
```

Instantiate new objects:
```ruby
fifty_eur = Money.new(50, 'EUR')
```

Get amount and currency:
```ruby
fifty_eur.amount   # => 50
fifty_eur.currency # => "EUR"
fifty_eur.inspect  # => "50.00 EUR"
```

Convert to a different currency
```ruby
fifty_eur.convert_to('USD') # => 55.50 USD
```

Comparisons (also in different currencies):
```ruby
twenty_dollars == Money.new(20, 'USD') # => true
twenty_dollars == Money.new(30, 'USD') # => false

fifty_eur_in_usd = fifty_eur.convert_to('USD')
fifty_eur_in_usd == fifty_eur          # => true

twenty_dollars > Money.new(5, 'USD')   # => true
twenty_dollars < fifty_eur             # => true
```

 Arithmetics:
 ```ruby
fifty_eur + twenty_dollars # => 68.02 EUR
fifty_eur - twenty_dollars # => 31.98 EUR
fifty_eur / 2              # => 25 EUR
twenty_dollars * 3         # => 60 USD
```
# Contribute
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
